HaSeul: It's time to go back to hotel and dry wet heir..
HaSeul: And then... I heard we would go to a closed school building~
JinSoul: Right. Let's go to a closed school!
Kim Lip: How can we forget about a closed school?
JinSoul: Without it, out MV will be empty!
HaSeul: I went to the closed airplane, right?
(HaSeul looks like she wants to join them...)
JinSoul: Yes, right~
(Anyway, LOOΠΔ CLOSED SCHOOL UNIT have arrived to have a break!)
JInSoul: There were some guys in front of the elevator.
JinSou: (When they saw us) They said like.. 'Are they twins?'
JinSoul: 'Oh.. so beautiful... Is it real...?'
JinSoul: I'm so embarassed....
JinSoul: I'm just telling you that I really heard some minutes ago!
JinSoul: Just they said.. 'is it real?'
JinSoul: '(Exaggeration) Aren't they look like angels from heaven~?'
(Choerry showed up in the nick of time!)
JinSoul: (Bragging~) Hey, we just got off the elevator... and some guys said like...
(She is spreading the GOOD news...)
Choerry: (Mimicking) Aren't they look like angels?
Choerry: (Mimicking) is it real?
(Yes, it's real, Choerry!)
Choerry: Aren't they look like angels?
Choerry: Is it real~?
Kim Lip & JinSoul: It's real~